Update readme templates reference (#145)
it-at-m/refarch: .github/README.md

Collection of different ready to use reference architecture (RefArch) components developed by it@M.

> For a new RefArch gitrepository use the [refarch-templates](https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For creating a new RefArch project use the [refarch-templates](https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch-templates).
```

Reviewer: Understand the problem.
I more thought about a software project (completely independent from github or gitlab).
Still think the newer formulation is more understandable. Didn't even think about github projects.
